Documentation: Update documentation about build process changes (#66428)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/README.md

## Creating a New Package

When creating a new package, you need to provide at least the following. Packages bundled in Gutenberg or WordPress must include a `wpScript` and or `wpScriptModuleExports` field in their `package.json` file. See the details below.

1. `package.json` based on the template:

>     ```jsonc

Reviewer: Should this just be `json`?

Otherwise, changes look good.

Author: I've added some comments. Those aren't allowed in "strict" JSON, `jsonc` will highlight it correctly.

    	},
    	"publishConfig": {
    		"access": "public"
    	},
    	// Include this line to include the package as a WordPress script.
    	"wpScript": true,
    	// Include this line to include the package as a WordPress script module.

>     	"wpScriptModuleExports": "./build-module/index.js"

Reviewer 2: Can I ask why did we add these properties and what happens if we don't provide them?

>     	"wpScriptModuleExports": "./build-module/index.js"

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I like this. Why should a package.json mention a built file. why `wpModule: true` is not enough? since we already have `module` defined in the package.json ?

Reviewer 3: I think one aspect needs to be documented. Using `wpScript` or/and `wpScriptModuleExports` marks the package as production package for strict verification of compatibility with GPL license.

`module` isn't configured correctly at the moment. Eventually, we can explore migrating to `"type": "module"` and `exports` configuration but it's a separate effort.

Reviewer 2: > module isn't configured correctly at the moment.

I'm not sure I understand, we've been relying on module to output ESmodules forever, why is it not correct?

Reviewer 2: I was looking at https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/trunk/packages/a11y/package.json  for instance

That package has both "module" and "wpScriptModuleExports" and they point to different modules/APIs. So we're saying that this package ships "two different ESmodules" in one package. As an npm package consumer, I'm really confused what `import something from '@wordpress/a11y'` will yield to me. Which one of these is going to be used? Ultimately a package can ship multiple modules, that's ok but not two versions of the same module.

Reviewer 3: > I think one aspect needs to be documented. Using `wpScript` or/and `wpScriptModuleExports` marks the package as production package for strict verification of compatibility with GPL license.

I opened a follow-up https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/66562.

    }
    ```

    This assumes that your code is located in the `src` folder and will be transpiled with `Babel`.

>     For packages that should ship as a WordPress script, include `wpScript: true` in the `package.json` file. This tells the build system to bundle the for use as a WordPress script.

Author: ```suggestion
    For packages that should ship as a WordPress script, include `wpScript: true` in the `package.json` file. This tells the build system to bundle the package for use as a WordPress script.
```

>     For packages that should ship as a WordPress script module, include a `wpScriptModuleExports` field the `package.json` file. The value of this field can be a string to use as a single export, or an object with a [shape like the standard `exports` object](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/packages.html#subpath-exports):

Author: ```suggestion
    For packages that should ship as a WordPress script module, include a `wpScriptModuleExports` field the `package.json` file. The value of this field can be a string to expose a single script module, or an object with a [shape like the standard `exports` object](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/packages.html#subpath-exports) to expose multiple script modules from a single package:
```

>     For packages that should ship as a WordPress script module, include a `wpScriptModuleExports` field the `package.json` file. The value of this field can be a string to expose a single script module, or an object with a [shape like the standard `exports` object](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/packages.html#subpath-exports) to expose multiple script modules from a single package:

Reviewer 2: Isn't this a duplication of the `exports` field for regular npm packages. Do we really need to invent our own convention?

Reviewer 3: @sirreal can provide a more exhaustive response. We were discussing using the official configuration for ES Modules:
- [`type`](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#type) set to `module`
- [`exports`](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#exports) covering entry points

It'll eventually happen, but more work is necessary. For example, all import statements that contain file paths must contain the file extension, for example: `import './file.js';`. That isn't the case currently.

    ```jsonc
    {
    	"name": "@wordpress/example",

    	// The string form exposes the `@wordpress/example` script module.
    	"wpScriptModuleExports": "./build-module/index.js",

    	// Multiple sub-modules can be exposed by providing an object:
    	"wpScriptModuleExports": {
    		// Exposed as `@wordpress/example` script module.
    		".": "./build-module/index.js",
    		// Exposed as `@wordpress/example/demo-block/view` script module.
    		"./demo-block/view": "./build-module/index.js"
    	}
    }
    ```

>     Both `wpScript` and `wpScriptModuleExports` may set if the package exposes both a script and a script module.

Author: ```suggestion
    Both `wpScript` and `wpScriptModuleExports` may be included if the package exposes both a script and a script module.
```
